Leonard, if you're not busy tomorrow,
I have to do a little reception
after work.
Oh! I would, but we need to make a push
on the Air Force project.
Are you sure?
We're celebrating our new ADD drug.
I mean, it'll probably be over in,
like, six minutes.
Did you say you guys are working on
the guidance system tomorrow?
Yeah, why?
Well, Sheldon said that
he was gonna work with me
on our quantum perception project.
We've had this planned for a week.
Well, he reconfirmed with me this morning.
Guys, before this gets ugly,
remember, the winner gets Sheldon.
Hey, Raj,
do you wanna go with me tomorrow?
Are you asking because
you want me there or out of pity?
Actually, never mind, don't answer.
I'd love to.
- Hello.
- Why did you tell Leonard
you're working on the gyroscope tomorrow?
Because I am.
But you said you were working with me.
Uh-oh. Someone's got two dates
to the nerd prom.
I have a plan to work on
both projects simultaneously.
And for your information,
the summer conference on
algebraic topology at Caltech
is nerd prom.
I'm sorry, what is this plan you have?
Hmm. I'm not needed at both places
at the same time.
And I can also free up extra hours
with simple tricks,
such as using a minimal amount of words
to convey my point.
When does that start?
Soon.
See, I could've said "in the near future,"
but I didn't say "in the near future"
because "in the near future"
is three more words than "soon."
"In" one, "the" two,
"near" three, "future" four.
See, "in the near future" is four,
"soon" is just one,
four is more than one.
Saving time already.
Genius.
I was going to say, "Why does anyone think
Sheldon's a genius?"
But I didn't.
Gentlemen, I've got Amy up and running.
Shall we get to work?
Uh, before we do,
what are you wearing,
O Friend Who We Pretend Is Normal?
These are hydration backpacks.
They're for efficiency.
Whenever I'm thirsty,
I have access to water.
And when I'm hungry, uh, lentil soup.
It's getting harder to pretend.
Anyway, Sheldon, we're at a decision point
to run the xenon stream
through the cryocooler
or through the vacuum filter.
Well, run down the pros and cons
of each for me.
Well, if we run the xenon stream
through the cryocooler,
it'll be cooled immediately
before it reacts with the conduction...
Oh, sorry... Carrot chunk.
You can just feel the time being saved.
Ah, I'm back.
You've got me for eight minutes.
Sheldon, this is silly.
You can't expect us to do quality work
with you popping in and out like this.
The coefficient isn't lambda.
It's lambda sub one.
And, over here,
you should consider the possibility
that the brain itself
is in two different quantum states,
and then, lastly,
do you have any little soup crackers?
The rate of spinning
for the central axis centrifuge
has to be four revolutions per second.
It can't be four revolutions.
It's gotta be seven.
Seven? Look at the board. It's four.
- Oh, my God, It's seven. Seven.
- Four.
It's five and a half.
Son of a bitch, it's five and a half.
BRB. You know, that's short for
"Be right back."
I'm saving so much time.
Two signals meet up
in the corpus callosum, and T equals zero.
And I know a boy
who just earned a slurp of soup.
Incredible. Sheldon, I didn't expect
that you could work on both projects,
but I was wrong.
You know, I felt the same way
about the spork.
Solids and liquids handled by one utensil?
That'll never work.
Spoiler, works.
I gotta admit,
we didn't think you'd be able to do
two things at once.
I felt the same way about the platypus.
You know, bird and mammal
in the same creature? No way.
Spoiler, way.
- Hey.
Oh, thanks again for
letting me use your laptop last night.
No problem.
Just doing my taxes.
Okay.
Actually, if I can...
I could just check one more thing...
- I already cleared the browser history.
- You're a good woman.
Whatcha working on?
Trying to catch up on office emails
before I go back.
Oh, that's right.
Maternity leave's almost over.
Oh, you excited?
Yeah, I mean,
I'll miss Halley,
but it'll be nice to get out of the house.
Be intellectually stimulated.
Go out to lunch instead of,
you know, be lunch.
That's great. Good for you.
Yeah, I mean, there's you and my parents.
- She's gonna be fine.
- Well, of course she is.
And that day care is great.
It is. I went to check it out,
and they are very cautious about
letting strange men with no kids
peek in the windows.
Plus, I think I'm setting
a good example for Halley,
to show her that women can be mothers
and still have satisfying careers.
Sure, she won't know where I went
or if I'm ever coming back.
That'll just make the 10 minutes between
when I get home and her bedtime
even more special.
Uh...
Other than burp you or give you a bottle,
I don't know what to do right now.
It's okay,
I'm just being emotional about this.
Can you not tell Howard?
Oh. Don't you think it'd be healthier
if you told him what's going on with you?
Don't you think it'd be healthier
if you had your own apartment, grown man?
Your secret is safe with me.
Hey, since when do you do laundry
on a Thursday?
Oh, I had an accident at work.
I slipped and fell on my soup sack.
You know, there was a time I would say,
"What's a soup sack?"
But I'm glad we're past that.
You know, there was a time
I would say, "God bless you,"
and then you would say,
"If you must invoke an imaginary deity,
"how about Thor?"
And I would say,
"How do you know I didn't mean Thor?"
And then you would say, "Touche,"
and that there ends the tale of
why I no longer say, "God bless you."
- Well, we have had some fun, haven't we?
- Oh, yeah.
So, Leonard tells me
you've had a busy day.
Hmm? I did. It hasn't stopped.
I figured out a solution
for our navigation system
while I was pre-soaking lentils
out of my pants.
You getting sick?
Of course not. I'm too busy to be sick.
Well, you're pretty delicate.
Maybe you shouldn't be
pushing yourself so hard.
I'm fine.
All right, well, we'll just pretend that
you didn't catch a cold watching Frozen.
That didn't happen.
You also got a nosebleed watching Up.
Just do your laundry!
Stuart. You didn't have to make dinner.
Well, I felt bad about
upsetting you this morning.
And to be honest,
I'm not the biggest fan of your meatloaf.
- Hey, what's for dinner?
- Meatloaf.
- Oh. Cool.
- Stuart made it.
Oh, cool.
Hey, I was thinking maybe we take Halley
to the zoo this weekend.
Get in a little family time
before you go back to work.
Sounds great.
Speaking of which, for day care,
it'll be easy for me to drop her off
unless you wanna do it.
Hmm. Guess it should be me.
I can't do it.
They have a picture of me on file now.
You okay?
Of course, why?
Well, I don't know.
You seem a little upset.
- No, I'm fine.
- You sure?
Why don't you think she's fine?
She sounds fine. She looks fine.
If I saw her on the street,
I'd say, "Damn, that girl's fine."
Sheldon, you're sick. Go back to bed.
I am fine.
Here, eat your toast.
Sorry.
It's okay. Now, I don't need butter.
Oh, perhaps I am a little
under the weather.
It's nothing a little cold medicine
and tea can't fix.
You need sleep.
What I need, is to get to work.
Well, I don't want your germs around me.
You hold my hand, you kiss my mouth,
but you draw the line at 102 fever?
What happened to our love?
Sheldon, are you okay?
What's going on?
How'd I get here?
I don't know.
We came home from work and we found you.
Home from work?
- What time is it?
- It's 9:00.
9:00?
Wait, what happened to 8:00, and 7:00,
and all the other o'clocks?
Uh, you don't remember?
Well, I remember waking up in the morning.
Amy rubbing Vick's on my chest.
And her hands were like
two frozen chunks of tundra.
I took some cold medicine to...
I took cold medicine.
You did seem a little loopy
when you showed up at the lab.
At the lab.
Why am I naked from the waist down?
I don't know where your pants are,
but we did find your underwear
in a pot on the stove.
My pants are missing,
I don't remember anything.
Penny, this is your youth, what do I do?
I don't know. Check your body for tattoos?
- Leonard, would you be a lamb...
- She's kidding.
Wait, wait. Where's my bag?
My phone and my wallet are in my bag.
It's right here.
Where's my notebook?
My notebook's gone. Oh, no.
Okay, it's just a notebook.
What's the big deal?
"What's the big deal?"
It's full of classified information
about the Air Force project.
How could you lose that?
It's okay. I'm sure we'll find it.
Look, it's gotta be around here somewhere.
Maybe it's wherever your pants are.
Nope. Pants in the microwave. No notebook.
Hey.
Hello.
Something's going on
with Bernadette.
She say anything to you?
Nope, not a word.
Come on, be honest.
Did you tell her I tried her breast pump?
No, but I did mention it to my therapist.
I know she's mad at me about something.
Well, what have you done
that would upset her?
Oh. Gosh, how much time do you have?
Why don't you just
start with the worst thing?
Hmm. Let's see.
Okay, here we go. Six years ago,
I got a call that
Bernie's Great-Aunt Trixie died.
And?
I forgot to give her the message.
That's terrible.
The terrible part is ever since then
I've been sending Bernie
Christmas cards from Trixie.
Oh...
Howard.
Let me finish,
and one card had $5 in it
I took from Bernie's purse.
The notebook isn't in the bathroom.
I can't find it either.
How can he not remember a day?
Well, people who are
abducted by aliens lose time.
I mean, maybe it happens
to the aliens, too.
- Well, it's not across the hall.
- That's it.
I'm in breach of my security clearance.
I'm going to prison.
You know what happens to
people like me in prison.
I'll be forced to be
some large man's tutor.
You're not going to prison.
But, boy, it is funny to think about.
- You really can't remember anything?
- I'm trying.
Wait a minute. Hey, let me see your phone.
Why?
It's possible
it was tracking everywhere you went.
- Phones can do that?
- Yeah. Depends on the privacy settings.
Wow. That's so cool.
How do you, uh...
How do you turn that thing off?
Relax. I know when you go for a run,
you stop for a donut.
I don't even run there. I drive.
Hang on. I can see every place you went.
What does it say?
Uh, you were in the building,
you were at the university,
then you were somewhere on
Colorado Boulevard.
- Where?
- Wait, hang on.
- Did you go to a cowboy bar?
- I...
No! That is preposterous.
Maybe.
Hey, how's it going?
- Fine.
- Good.
- Love you.
- Love you, too.
Love you more.
Okay, you won.
Can I finish what I'm doing?
Sure, sorry.
Something on your mind?
No, nothing.
Okay, well, maybe I'm just feeling like
something's bothering you.
Nope, all good.
Prove it. Make love to me
right now on the kitchen floor.
No. What is wrong with you?
A-ha! You are upset.
I don't know a lot about women,
but I know I upset them.
Howard, I'm sorry if I'm being weird,
but it has nothing to do with you.
- It doesn't?
- No.
I didn't want to tell you,
but I'm having a really tough time
about going back to work.
Oh.
Okay. Well, I get that.
It was hard for me when I went back.
It was?
Of course. I missed you, and the baby,
and being able to watch Ellen every day.
I just don't know
what the right thing to do is.
If I go back to work,
I'm abandoning Halley.
If I don't go,
I'm giving up everything I've worked for.
It's like there's no right choice.
Look, I don't know
what the best decision is either,
but whatever we choose,
if we're not happy,
we can undo it.
I guess.
And the best part is
Halley won't remember a thing.
Babies are cute,
but they're dumb.
I go like this, she thinks I'm gone.
Then magically I'm back.
Honestly, why are we saving for college?
I'm not crazy about you
calling our baby dumb.
Well, she gets it from me.
Speaking of which,
I have some news about your Aunt Trixie.
Does this place look familiar?
It's hard to say.
Hey! Sheldon's back!
Sheldon!
It's getting clearer.
You gonna buy another round for the house?
No, thank you.
We now know
why MasterCard sent me a fraud alert.
Ask him.
Um. Yes, howdy, partner.
Do you happen to recollect
if I left a notebook
in these here parts?
"These here parts?"
It's called fitting in.
By the way, good luck.
- Here you go.
- Oh! Thank goodness.
One top secret quantum guidance system.
You understood the math?
No, Sheldon told me all about it.
He told everybody.
That's just great.
Oh, don't worry. He made us pinky swear
we'd keep it a secret.
- I swear...
- Not to tell anyone...
The top secret military
information I'm about to tell you.
We really need to skedaddle.
- Thank you.
- Bye. See you.
I should probably erase this.
Thank you for making me tea.
You're welcome. How is it?
Yummy.
And warm on my back.
Do you need anything else?
You know exactly what I need.
Fine.
Soft kitty, warm kitty
Little ball of fur
Happy kitty, sleepy kitty
Purr, purr, purr
That's nice.
Now, in German.
Great.
Now Mandarin.
Now Navajo.
English - SDH